------------ Button event ------------
1. Independent consumables entities.
2. Those entities encapsulate a desired event, e.g. if on(Ctrl) && on(A)
   occurred or if on(J) + off(I) + on(C) occurred.
3. The memory of those entities is limited. That is, when the desired state is
   reached, there is no need to keep tracking events. Also, more optimizations
   can be made, in the sense that old tracked state in the timeline can be
   discarded safely, if proven unnecessary.
4. Copies of those entities can exist simultaneously, without necessary having
   the same state.
5. Those entities are unstable. That is, when queried and achieved, they reset
   their memory.
6. The user can only control the memory of those entities when querying
   successfully their state or demanding a memory reset.
7. A memory reset of an entity clears its memory completely.
8. The user has no control over the recording state of those entities. They keep
   track of all events at any time.
9. Those entities are immutable on the event they track. That is, an entity that
   tracks the on(X) && off(V) event, will keep tracking that event throughout
   its lifetime.
10. Buttons need not to be modeled as classes. Enums are sufficient for them.
11. The user can query if an entity is true at query time, without mutating its
    state. That is different from (5), as (5) signals if the entity went true
    at least once between the query time and the past (after reset).
12. The user can query how much time (max) the event was true. (destructive)
13. An entity will not be re-activated after a destructive query or reset, even
    if its event is on, unless every single button of that event has been reset.
    These entities are state-transition mandatory.

------------ Other info ------------
1. Not all named button exist in every system. A mechanism to query if a named
   button exists must be in place.
2. A mechanism to retrieve an unknown button, based on the next button press
   must be in place. That button could be a known one (named button) or a button
   that is not named but exists on the current system.
3. Buttons can't be enums, as they are possibly not all pre-known (key_id vs
   scancode). So they have to be modeled in a class or record. Their only state
   is their key_id and scancode, which are final.
4. An enum that encapsulates known buttons (named) could be possible or they can
   be public static final fields.
5. Every key_id (named button) may or may not have a corresponding scancode, and
   every scancode may or may not have a corresponding key_id.
6. There might be a benefit in having a user-invisible mechanism that maps
   key_id to scancode and the other way around (when such a mapping is
   exists).
7. There might be a benefit in having a user-invisible mechanism that maps
   key_id to Buttons (the other way around is possible as all buttons contain
   their key_id if it exists).
8. There might be a benefit in having a user-invisible mechanism that maps
   scancode to Buttons (the other way around is possible as all buttons contain
   their scancode if it exists).
9. It is not clear if every Button instance must be a button that exists in the
   current system or not. If the former, that would imply that every Button has
   a scancode. Also, Button instances can no longer be predefined and as public
   static final fields.